[FEATURE] Unexpected index list with/without values - New parameter in result_format (#8785)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/reference/expectations/result_format.md

- `partial_unexpected_count`: Sets the number of results to include in `partial_unexpected_count``, if applicable. Set the value to zero to suppress the unexpected counts.

> - `exclude_unexpected_values`: When running validations, a set of unexpected results' indices and values is returned.  Setting this value to `True` suppresses values from the output to only have indices (default is `False`).

Reviewer: Thank you for being thorough and including this change to the documentation. Much appreciated :)

> - `unexpected_metrics_with_values`: When running validations, a set of unexpected results' indices and values is returned.  Setting this value to `False` suppresses values from the output to only have indices (default is `True`).

Reviewer 2: Hi @MMoussabbih! Would you consider a change to the naming of the parameter to help clarify the functionality? Note that the new name also flips the default value.
```suggestion
- `exclude_unexpected_values`: When running validations, a set of unexpected results' indices and values is returned.  Setting this value to `True` suppresses values from the output to only have indices (default is `False`).
```

Author: Hello @anthonyburdi,
Thanks for your comment. I have updated the parameter name as you mentioned in my last commit 👍
